Doc: FastStore Onboarding (#1714)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/getting-started/settingup-project.mdx

---
title: '2. Setting Up the Project'
sidebar_label: 'Getting Started'
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs'
import { Tab, Tabs } from 'nextra-theme-docs'

<header>

# Setting Up the Project

</header>

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
This documentation is currently under development.
</Callout>

Now that your store is up and running, you're ready to set up your development environment and begin creating a unique storefront that reflects your brand. Let's get started!

In this guide, you will:

- Clone your store repository to your local machine.

> - Run a local development server at http://localhost:3000/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run a local development server, usually at http://localhost:3000/.
```

- Make your first change in your storefront.

## Step 1: Prerequisites
Before clonning the store's repository you will need to have the following
tools in your machine:

<details>
  <summary>
    <b>Node.js</b>
  </summary>
  <p>

>     <p>To run your FastStore project, you must have <b><a href="">Node.js</a></b> version 14.19 or later installed on your computer.</p>

Reviewer: That's because Faststore CLI uses `AbortController`, which was introduced in Node v15.
```suggestion
    <p>To run your FastStore project, you must have <b><a href="">Node.js</a></b> version 15.0.0 or later installed on your computer.</p>
```
